right now we're heading on up to 113
pounds we're gonna have Danny Vega
Tucson cyclones taking on Colton
Cummings and right away we're seeing
Danny Vega get to the leg switches to
the double still working for the fish
lifts puts him down
and there's a two-point takedown for
Danny Vega and he'll take a 2-0 lead
here 140 on the clock now he's gonna go
to work on top here
Vegas super tough from the top position
with tilts that's how he blew open his
semifinal match which went scoreless
through one he took top in the second
and got to tail so now he's looking roll
through tilt close to it as Vega can't
quite get it
now he's got that reinforced bar tilt
close to Criterion he's getting a count
but just a one count no near fall yet
getting closer now
and now he's in criteria great tilt
there by Vega and he's going to get a
five count gonna get the full allotment
and he'll take a he'll extend his lead
to 5-0 up to his feet now his comings
but Vega drops right down to the leg
puts him out of bounds they head back to
Center 55 seconds 59 seconds on the
clock
remaining here in the first period
they go once again going to that wrist
tell he's very comfortable getting the
wrist looks right reinforced bar but
can't get it this time around gonna give
up the escape gonna make it five to one
in favor of Danny Vega
Colton Cummings coming after him but
looking to throw him by now is Vega and
they're right in on the leg
gonna come out for the finish once again
7 1 Danny Vega showing you the skills
he's gotten and why he was able to win
the Triple Crown last year
and looking for that risk now I throw a
half on the left side Wow close close to
going over the top there may be getting
some near fall couldn't get at 7 1 the
lead and he's got a bar now not
reinforced him he's got the wrist on it
back close to a turn again but not gonna
be able to get it as time runs out
7 1 lead for Danny Vega heading and
headed into the second and he Cummings
choice and he's gonna defer to Vega
who's gonna go neutral Cummings looking
for an attack can't get to it and nice
throw by did he get it they're gonna say
no close to the takedown doesn't quite
get it this Vega 7 1 the score 151 on
the clock remaining here in the second
period and there's a nice double leg
from Vega runs through his hips looking
to roll them through his Cummings but
Wow Vega is gonna put him in some
trouble there almost looked for the was
looking for the pin there from the from
the double as are Cummings tried to roll
him through but Vega was ready for it
extending his lead 9 1 now
they go once again going to work with
those wrists
it looks like he's got it reinforced
he's driving forward almost has it now
he's getting another account and you can
see how tough he is from the top
position so good at getting the rest he
gets the five count once again gonna
make it 12 to 155 to go here in the
second period he'll give up the escape
comings immediately in on an attack
under hook and there's Vega looking for
a fireman's carry close to it he's got
that arm controlled and he's got a
one-count now he's getting another count
and this will do it if he gets the full
allotment that's it
17 to technical fall is coming didn't
know he got tech kept wrestling through
it but that's gonna be the final Dany
Vega making quick work here 17 - he's
your national champion here and 113
pounds